Add `StringKeyOf` type (#344)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`SetReturnType`](source/set-return-type.d.ts) - Create a function type with a return type of your choice and the same parameters as the given function type.
- [`Simplify`](source/simplify.d.ts) - Useful to flatten the type output to improve type hints shown in editors. And also to transform an interface into a type to aide with assignability.
- [`Get`](source/get.d.ts) - Get a deeply-nested property from an object using a key path, like [Lodash's `.get()`](https://lodash.com/docs/latest#get) function.

> - [`StringKeyOf`](source/string-key-of.d.ts) - Get string keys from type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`StringKeyOf`](source/string-key-of.d.ts) - Get the string keys of the given type.
```

Same with the description in the file.
